docs(api): Versioning page updates for Python API 2.16 (#14073)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: api/docs/v2/versioning.rst

=======================

Version 2.16
------------

This version introduces new features for Flex and adds and improves methods for aspirating and dispensing. Note that when updating Flex protocols to version 2.16, you *must* load a trash container before dropping tips.

- New features

  - Use :py:meth:`.configure_nozzle_layout` to pick up a single column of tips with the 96-channel pipette. See :ref:`Partial Tip Pickup <partial-tip-pickup>`.
  - Specify the trash containers attached to your Flex with :py:meth:`.load_waste_chute` and :py:meth:`.load_trash_bin`.
  - Dispense, blow out, drop tips, and dispose labware in the waste chute. Disposing labware requires the gripper and calling :py:meth:`.move_labware` with ``use_gripper=True``.
  - Perform actions in staging area slots by referencing slots A4 through D4. See :ref:`deck-slots`.
  - Explicitly command a pipette to :py:meth:`.prepare_to_aspirate`. The API usually prepares pipettes to aspirate automatically, but this is useful for certain applications, like pre-wetting routines.

- Improved features

  - :py:meth:`.aspirate`, :py:meth:`.dispense`, and :py:meth:`.mix` will not move any liquid when called with ``volume=0``.

>   - ``opentrons_simulate`` now works for all API versions.

Reviewer: The `opentrons_simulate` fix is technically an `opentrons` package version thing, not PAPI version thing.

- Other changes

  - :py:obj:`.ProtocolContext.fixed_trash` and :py:obj:`.InstrumentContext.trash_container` now return :py:class:`.TrashBin` objects instead of :py:class:`.Labware` objects.
  
- Known issues

>   - It's possible to load a Thermocycler and then load another item in slot A1. It's also possible to load any labware or adapter on in the same slot as a trash bin. Don't do either of these things, as it could lead to unexpected pipetting behavior and crashes.

Reviewer: > It's also possible to load any labware or adapter on in the same slot as a trash bin

I don't think it's possible to do this, is it? Here's my test case:

```python
requirements = {"apiLevel": "2.16", "robotType": "Flex"}

def run(protocol):
    trash = protocol.load_trash_bin("A1")
    tip_rack = protocol.load_labware("opentrons_flex_96_tiprack_200ul", "A1")

    pipette = protocol.load_instrument(
        "flex_1channel_1000", "left", tip_racks=[tip_rack]
    )

    pipette.pick_up_tip()

    # ProtocolCommandFailedError:
    # Error 4000 GENERAL_ERROR (ProtocolCommandFailedError):
    # IncompatibleAddressableAreaError: Cannot use Trash Bin in A1,
    # not compatible with one or more of the following fixtures: Slot A1
    pipette.drop_tip()
```

There *is* an implementation quirk where the error will only happen when you *use* the trash bin. If you *only* `load_labware()` and `load_trash_bin()`, you won't get an error. But that's not dangerous; it's just a no-op.

```suggestion
  - It's possible to load a Thermocycler and then load another item in slot A1. Don't do this, as it could lead to unexpected pipetting behavior and crashes.
```

-----

But if we end up keeping this, there's an "on in" typo.

```suggestion
  - It's possible to load a Thermocycler and then load another item in slot A1. It's also possible to load any labware or adapter in the same slot as a trash bin. Don't do either of these things, as it could lead to unexpected pipetting behavior and crashes.
```

Author: You're right, the error only happens when `drop_tip()` is called, but it does raise the error. I think I was expecting a `DeckConflictError`, which would happen regardless of pipetting commands.
